Interview: Dima Belyaev (#5)
alexcarpenter/resilient-ui: content/interviews/dima-belyaev.mdx

---
title: Dima Belyaev

> description: Principal front-end engineer based in Amsterdam, working on design system and web platform at Shopify.

Reviewer: Actually I'm working on Sidekick at Shopify (our AI assistant) but could mention Reshaped here for the design system part if that makes sense for the format

Reviewer: Also probably not fair to call myself principal when my current position is staff and we do have principals still. Used to be principal at Booking.com but it's all different and made up 😂

Author: Feel free to propose a different description with roughly the same length. Mostly just used this to mock in the page for the time being 👍🏼

Reviewer: > Staff front-end engineer based in Amsterdam, working on AI assistants at Shopify.

> description: Principal front-end engineer based in Amsterdam, working on design system and web platform at Shopify.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Staff front-end engineer based in Amsterdam, working on AI assistants at Shopify.
```
